Kitty Tyree - A network tools scavenger hunt

I am using a Mac, these answers are for Mac

1. My computer's IP address for its current Internet connection is 137.22.177.73.
   I found this by using the command     curl ifconfig.me      

2. You can determing the IP address associated with a given host name by pinging
   it in your unix system. Open the system, type    ping HOSTNAME    where
   HOSTNAME is the name of the host. So for example, ping cs.carleton.edu   ,
   gives "64 bytes from 137.22.5.8 ....."  and 137.22.5.8 is the IP address
   associated with the host name.

3. One way that I found to find the host name associated with a given IP
   address is to use the   host IP   command in my Unix system. However, according
   to the comments, this won't work if "DNS isn't set up properly". However,
   mine seems to be set up, so doing the command     host   137.22.5.8    
   gave me that the host was  " blue.mathcs.carleton.edu"

4. The question: How can you copy a file from one computer to another?
   Or more to the point, if you create a file on the Kali virtual machine and 
   you want to put it someplace where you can save it, how do you go about it
   from the Kali command-line interface?

   The answer: I'm not entirely sure. From my googlings, it seems like I have to 
   use the scp command, but I am not quite sure how to get it to actually work...
   I also tried to explore setting up a shared folder between Virtual box and the
   desktop outside the virtual machine, but I was getting errors when I tried to 
   use    cp filename newFilename        and     mv filename sharedFolderLocation
   so! I was unsuccessful and would love to learn how to answer this question as
   I am still very unfamiliar with Kali.

5. Apparently, to find a process listening on a given port, you can use the lsof
   command, and then to find the listening, type   lsof -i :[PORTNUMBER]  
   I was prepared to test this, but the three commands given to download it did not
   work on my computer... thus I am going to take the word of this website and assume
   that it works. *** it has come to my attention that I have lsof already and the
   above command says nothing for some ports, but I am assuming that means nothing
   is listening.
   I also found that you could use    sudo netstat -tnlp | grep :[PORTNUMBER] 
   which did work for me and gave me a bunch of stuff that I don't know how to read-
   but! if the output is empty, it means that nothing is listening on that port.

6. I found that using 	sudo lsof -i -P -n | grep LISTEN	gives me a whole bunch of
   things which is apparently a list of all open ports. However, I am rethinking question
   5 as doing    lsof -i:77    which according to this command should give something back
   does not...

7. To retrieve and save a given web page in a file on my system, I have found that 
   curl     works nicely. So! the command would be 	curl http://THE_URL --output  filename.file
   So, for example I did    curl https://cs.carleton.edu/faculty/jondich/courses/cs231_s21/documents/ethics.html --output practiceCurl.file
   and then    cat practiceCurl.file      gave me the ethics page in my terminal window.

8. To view the HTTP headers sent from a specified web server, you can use    curl --verbose URL
   And they will all be nicely written out at the top of the output.

9. I think adding the tag -i to curl --verbose URL will do it? I'm not entirely sure?
   The only effect I saw in the headers is that some of them were bolded but that's what I got
   from looking at the curl manual.
